[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome back.
In Chrome 64 we've got a
new Performance Monitor,
a new UI for filtering the
console, and automatic message
groupings in the console.
The Performance
Monitor gives you
a real time view of a whole
bunch of performance metrics.
To open the monitor,
press Shift-P on Mac,
or Control-Shift-P
on Windows and Linux,
start typing performance,
then select Show Performance
Monitor.
The monitor opens up in
what we call the drawer.
Press Escape to hide
or short the door.
You can also explore
all of the tabs
in the drawer via
this menu over here.
Here on the left
side of the monitor,
we have the different metrics
you can monitor in real time.
The gray ones are hidden.
Click a metric to
hide or show it.
Note that the color coding
on the CPU usage chart
is the same as the color
coding in performance panel
recordings.
Note also that the frames metric
refers to document frames, not
frames per second.
If you want frames per second,
use the FPS meter, which you
can open via the Command Menu.
If your pages are logging
a lot of messages,
the new Console Sidebar can
help you filter out the noise
and focus on the messages
that you care about.
Over in the console,
the sidebar is
hidden by default. Click Show
Console Sidebar to open it.
This top item is equivalent
to showing all messages.
Expand it, then select
one of the scripts
below to only show messages
coming from that script.
When you want to
focus on messages
with this certain
severity level,
such as errors or
warnings, click that item
to show all messages with that
level, or expand the level
and select one of
the scripts below it
to only show messages from that
script that match that severity
level.
Note that the info
level includes
console.log and
console.infomessages.
You can combine the sidebar
with the filter text
box for some pretty
specific filtering.
For example, you can
enter a regular expression
in the filter box, or you can
type a minus sign followed
by some text, and the
console hides any message
that includes that text.
The last feature we've
got coming in Chrome 64
is automatic message
groupings in the console.
Over here you can see that
the console now groups
similar messages together.
This badge over here
tells you how many times
that message was logged.
Click to expand the grouping
and see each individual message.
You can uncheck the
group similar checkbox
if you don't want this behavior.
That's all for Chrome 64.
Here's a bonus tip
that makes it easier
to work with elements
that have hover effects.
Here I'm looking
at a little demo
of that showcases a bunch
of different hover effects.
Suppose I want to
inspect or tweak
what CSS gets applied to this
element when I hover over it.
I could go back and forth
between making my changes
in DevTools, then manually
hovering over the element,
but there's an easier way.
Inspect the element, then open
the Toggle Element State Menu,
then check hover, and
I forced the element
into the hover state even
though I'm not actually
hovering over it.
DevTools puts a
little orange dot
next to the element and
the Dom tree to remind you
that you're messing
with its state.
That's it.
Thanks for watching.
See you in six
weeks for Chrome 65.
[MUSIC PLAYING]